This is one of multiple CCMA exam simulation quiz questions can you answer the questions yourself in
these quiz questions I'm using Cecka packet tracer to help you practically test and verify your knowledge
of Cisco CCN a topic's in these questions.
We are testing your knowledge of the life of a packet.
Do you understand destination and source MAC addresses.
Do you understand where those are used.
Do you understand how traffic flows through a network and the various encapsulations used in a network.
In this scenario I have two PCs PC one on the left and PC two on the right.
They are connected to 36 50 switches.
The switches are configured as a two switches.
They are also two Cisco Isaw routers connected via a serial link.
The scenario is PC one Ping's PC two.
You need to answer the following questions based on the echo request a message sent from PC one to PC
to.
So look to the echo request a message not other traffic types an answer these questions What does the
destination MAC address off of the frame at point A in the network.
In other words what is the destination MAC address of the echo request.
Message at this point.
What is the actual destination MAC address.
So in other words you need to determine what are the actual MAC addresses by looking at the frame and
determining to which device is that MAC address belongs.
Now to help you with the task in Peckham trace a use of the simulation mode simulation mode in packet
tracer allows you to simulate the flow of traffic through a network and view what happens once you open
up simulation mode on PC 1 generate traffic.
So send a ping to the IP address of PC to which is 10 1 3 2
and have a look at how the traffic flows.
As we can see here an op packet has been created and the PCs are paying for the MAC address of the router.
If you don't want to see other traffic talks you can edit your filters to only look at up and ICMP traffic
with Empacher tracer
So what will do is reset to that simulation and send you the packet again
so we can see the OP a request to the router and the reply and then we can see the ICMP message.
And if you click on the message you'll be able to view the inbound PDU and outbound PDU and then answer
the questions.
So by using simulation mode or by simply looking at the configurations of the devices in the topology
you should be able to answer these questions.
So they are various questions asking about MAC addresses and encapsulations used at different stages
in the life of the packet
for both echo request and Echo reply.
Do you know how packets are encapsulated.
Do you know when MAC addresses are used and when they are not used.
Download the attached a packet trace a file and see if you can answer these questions yourself.
Otherwise watch the next video we all show you the answers to these questions.